[MUSIC]
>> Kent C. Dodds: Saving
yourself from yourself.
So even though we already have linting
set up and we have testing set up, and
that's awesome.
Sometimes you forget to run those things
before you commit code and push it, right?
And so who here, raise your hand
if you're familiar with git hooks?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay,
git hooks are a great thing.
So basically,
if you open up your Git directory, you'll
find some really interesting things.
I actually recommend you
spend an hour some day
just looking around in your
.git directory in your project.
It's really kind of interesting.
One thing that you'll find in there,
we've got a couple people who
are familiar with git hooks in the chat.
Actually, one thing you won't find
in there is a hooks directory,
that's kinda funny.
Normally, you'll have
a folder called hooks
when you initialize a git repository.
Does anybody have a hooks
directory in their .git folder?
Actually you know what?
You won't because the set-up
script removes them.
That's right.
So when you don't run the set-up scripts
you'll have a hooks directory in here.
Actually, I'm gonna find another project
to show you actually what that looks like.
>> Kent C. Dodds: So this is
the JavaScript Air website project.
And in here, you have that hooks directory
and you have a bunch of script files.
This actually is using GHooks,
which we're about to use, and so
that's why it's got a bunch
of content in here.
Most of the time you'll just see a bunch
of samples, so these sample files.
But yeah, there are hooks for
commit message.
That's the one that runs when you're about
to add a commit message to a commit.
Post-commit, post-rewrite, so these are
basically scripts that are run before or
after something happens with Git.
So before you rebase,
before you push, before an update,
all kinds of really interesting and
cool things.
So git hooks are really valuable.
One trick about them, though, is they're
not committed to source control.
They're inside of that .git directory so
sharing git hooks has always
kinda been a challenge.
And so we're going to use a tool called
GHooks which allows you to have shareable
git hooks so that everybody
who's working on your project
can have some specific scripts
run before they commit or push.
And specifically throughout this we
want the scripts like the linting and
testing run before we commit anything.
Does that make sense why we're
about to do what we're gonna do?
Okay, there's a question.
>> Speaker 2: I had a question, I was
asking what editor are they using but
they aren't seeing the .git
folder in their editor.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah,
it's pretty common for editors.
>> Speaker 2: You think you
could turn that on in Atom?
>> Kent C. Dodds: So yeah,
if you're using Atom,
I'm pretty sure that
Atom shows it by default.
Actually, no, you'll have to look
in your settings somewhere in here.
There's a way to turn that on, yeah, so
lots of editors don't show dot files,
and VSCode, yeah, I think, too.
You'll have to configure it to show.files.
But if you open up your terminal and
run ls-al,
like on a Mac, I'm not sure what you do on
Windows, but you should see a git there.
And you should be able to say, cd.git and
I'm sure you'll find all the hooks
directory and everything.